<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_pdr_pcj_kz">
    <title>Breakfast Casserole </title>
    <shortdesc>Healthy cooking doesn't always meaning using low-fat products. The full-fat Cheddar
        and Parmesan are satisfying together while also providing a lot of protein and vegetables.
        The caserole is so easy-to-make, it'll become one of you're go-to breakfast choices. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <ul>
                <li>8 ounces of spicy or sweet turkey links, casings removed, meat crumbled</li>
                <li>2 scallions, sliced</li>
                <li>6 eggs </li>
                <li>6 large egg whites</li>
                <li>1 ¾ cups of 1% milk</li>
                <li>Kosher salt </li>
                <li>Freshly ground black pepper</li>
                <li>One 9-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained of excess
                    liquid</li>
                <li>¾ cup shredded Cheddar</li>
                <li>½ cup grated Parmesan </li>
                <li>½ whole wheat baguette, cut into ¾-inch cubes (about 4 cups)</li>
            </ul>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>Directions </p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add turkey and scallions, stir to break up any large chunks, and cook for ten
                    minutes, or until browned.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove from heat and let cool slightly.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Whisk the eggs, egg whites, milk and ½ teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large
                    bowl until combined. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add the cooked sausage, spinach, cheeses and bread and toss to distribute
                    ingredients evenly. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Spray a 3-quart casserole dish with cooking spray. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Spread the egg mixture evenly in the dish. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or preferably overnight. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Bake the casserole, uncovered, until set and lightly browned on top for 30
                    minutes. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <note>Make-Ahead Tip: Freeze the baked casserole for up to 2 weeks. Cover with foil
                    and reheat at 350 degrees F until hot, 35 - 40 minutes. </note>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
